Add attention statement in docs for `open_raw` beta feature (#784)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: docs/source/convert.rst

   The ``EchoData`` instance contains all the data unpacked from the raw file,
   so it is a good idea to clear it from memory once done with conversion.

.. attention::
    In version 0.6.2 of echopype we improved the in-memory usage of ``open_raw``
    by allowing users to directly write variables that may consume a large amount of memory
    into a temporary zarr store (see `#774 <https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype/pull/774>`_).

>     This feature is accessible through ``open_raw`` and is only available for
>     the following echosounders: EK60, ES70, EK80, ES80, EA640. Additionally, this
>     feature is currently in beta.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature is accessible through ``open_raw`` via arguments ``offload_to_zarr`` and ``max_zarr_mb``
    and is only available for the following echosounders: EK60, ES70, EK80, ES80, EA640. 
    See [API references](api) for usage.
    This is currently a beta feature that will benefit from user feedback.
```

>     See [API references](api) for usage.

Author: @leewujung is this the correct way to reference the api? This looks like markdown. I think we need to do something like :doc:\`api\`, right?

Reviewer 2: Well, that's what the Readthedocs preview build is for :wink:. In this case, here's the preview: https://echopype--784.org.readthedocs.build/en/784/convert.html#conversion-operation
And it looks like the link is wrong. The page is in rst format, so the link should be rst type. I don't *think* that's :doc:`api`, but you can test it locally. Sorry, I don't have time right now to chime in with the correct format.

Reviewer: I think api would just work but it does not seem to work in the admonition, so will have to test this. I have the build mechanism locally and can test this out and finish this PR.

Reviewer: So a variation of what @b-reyes said :doc:`API references <api>` does work, and then I thought it's better to link to the exact function reference, so I ended up adding a label and link to that label.
